DOCSP-35827: Update SetComment() parameter type (#340)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/retrieve.txt

       | Default: ``nil``

   * - ``SetComment()`` 

>      - | An arbitrary string or document to help trace the operation through the database profiler, currentOp, and logs.

Reviewer: S: "help" is vague here
```suggestion
     - | An arbitrary string or document that allows you to trace the operation through the database profiler, currentOp, and logs.
```
